added a note about mounting pod-resources instead of kubelet.sock (#42339)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins.md

{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="volume" >}} in the device monitoring agent's
[PodSpec](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#podspec-v1-core).

{{< note >}}

When accessing the `/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources/kubelet.sock` from DaemonSet
or any other app deployed as a container on the host, which is mounting socket as
a volume, it is a good practice to mount directory `/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources/`
instead of the `/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources/kubelet.sock`. This will ensure

> that after kubelet restart, container will be able to re-connect to this socket.

Reviewer: nit / doesn't block a merge
```suggestion
that after kubelet restart, your container will be able to re-connect to this socket.
```

Container mounts are managed by inode referencing the socket or directory,
depending on what was mounted. When kubelet restarts, socket is deleted
and a new socket is created, while directory stays untouched.

> So the original inode for the socket become unusable. Inode to directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So the original inode for the socket become unusable. However, even after a kubelet
restart, an inode reference to `/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources` stays valid and
```
